com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/BarcodeStringResultListener.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.BarcodeStringResultListener
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/CameraSourcePreview.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.CameraSourcePreview
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeField.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeField
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeField$1
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeFieldAdapter.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeFieldAdapter
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeFieldAdapter$BarcodeFieldViewHolder
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/FrameMetadata.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.FrameMetadata
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.FrameMetadata$Builder
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/CameraReticleAnimator.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.CameraReticleAnimator
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeGraphicBase.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeGraphicBase
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeReticleGraphic.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeReticleGraphic
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/BarcodeResultListener.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.BarcodeResultListener
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeConfirmingGraphic.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeConfirmingGraphic
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeScannerProcessor.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeScannerProcessor
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/CameraSource.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.CameraSource
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.CameraSource$SizePair
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/FrameProcessor.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.FrameProcessor
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/BarcodeScan.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.BarcodeScan
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.BarcodeScan$1
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.BarcodeScan$Builder
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/PreferenceUtils.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.PreferenceUtils
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/ScopedExecutor.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.ScopedExecutor
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.GraphicOverlay
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/BuildConfig.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.BuildConfig
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/WorkflowModel.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.WorkflowModel
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.WorkflowModel$WorkflowState
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeResultFragment.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeResultFragment
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/barcodedetection/BarcodeLoadingGraphic.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.barcodedetection.BarcodeLoadingGraphic
com/github/hachimann/mlkit_barcode_scanning/camera/FrameProcessorBase.java
 com.github.hachimann.mlkit_barcode_scanning.camera.FrameProcessorBase
